---
output:
  html_document: default
  pdf_document: default
---
# Minutes of Meeting

**Project:** Brief 8 - Title tbc  
**Group:** Team 1  
**Meeting type:** Kick Off  
**Date:** 2026-02-20  
**Location/Platform:** Teams
**Chair:** Zahid Ahmed  
**Minute-taker:** Caleb Sithole

## 1. Attendees

- Zahid Ahmed (ZA) (present)
- Pushkal Ahluwalia (PA) (present)
- Akeel Shah (AS) (present)
- Caleb Sithole (CS) (present)
- Yadavan Surabaskaran (YS) (present)




## 2. Agenda

1. Confirm Client Brief Selection 
2. Assign contributors and final accountability for week 1 deliverables
3. Preliminary discussion on initial scope of the project (high level), clarification questions, and analytical direction


## 3. Key decisions made

**Decision 1:** Proceed with client brief 8

  **Rationale:** The brief requires clear decision making supported by contextual analysis. 
  It provides sufficient data depth and a good variety of influencing factors, allowing for robust analytical justification of recommendations. 
  Group agreed that the project requirements are achievable within the allocated time-frame.
  
  **Implication:** All week 1 deliverables and repository setup aligned to the brief requirements.

**Decision 2:** Clear accountability assigned for week 1 deliverables with the lead for each as follows: 

- ZA: Responsible for final management plan checks and sign off. 
- PA: Implement and check the completion of repositories and resources required for the client brief.
- AS: Set up the SELECTION.md file and update the team and client shared space with the selected brief and any agreed scope 
notes.
- CS: Deliver week 1 meeting minutes and conduct final checks on folders, logged questions, minutes and action logs.
- YS: Ensure the completion of questions for the client on the brief scope, uploaded to the correct folder to ensure audibility and traceability.

**Rationale:** This structure ensures audibility, ownership and accountability for preliminary tasks.  
  
**Implication:** Named leads are responsible for updating the shared spaces with evidence of completion. Final confirmation required by each 
  task lead.

**Decision 3:** Scope to remain high level until clarification is received

**Rationale:** The brief references Road Safety Data however, multiple datasets exist which will impact the scope and overall analysis direction 
  of the project. Each dataset could potentially imply different areas of analysis focus, policy reference points and different time periods. 
  Clarification is required to ensure alignment with client expectations and efficient allocation of time and resources.
  
**Implication:** Clarification questions will be submitted to the client. Further analytical planning will follow once key scope issues are 
  resolved.

## 4. Discussion notes

### 4.1 [Agenda item 1]
Summary:

- All team members confirmed preliminary review of client brief 8.
- The brief was discussed in terms of analytical depth, data availability and time to completion.
- Agreement was reached to proceed with the brief.
- No technical analysis at this stage as week 1 is focused on the initial setup of the project.
Evidence/artefacts referenced: 
- Client Brief 8 (SELECTION.md).


### 4.2 [Agenda item 2]
Summary:

- Reviewed week 1 deliverables in detail.
- Roles allocated based on requirements and skill alignment.
- Importance of maintaining an auditable shared space.
- Final responsibility lies with task leads to confirm completion prior to submission.

Evidence/artefacts referenced:

- Week 1 deliverable requirements. 
- Shared team and client folder.

### 4.3 [Agenda item 3]
Summary:

- High-level discussion on the direction of the project.
- Identified ambiguity issues regarding dataset focus, and clarity issues regarding potential reference points (e.g. timing of policy changes). 
- Preliminary dataset exploration conducted.

Evidence/artefacts referenced:

- Client brief questions.

## 5. Action log 

See group action log `csv`: actionlog.csv

## 6. Risks / blockers / dependencies

- **Risk/blocker:** Ambiguity surrounding policy change timing as a reference point  
  **Owner:** YS  
  **Mitigation:** Submit clarification questions to the client before finalising the evaluation period. Verify information with official sources.   
  **Status:** Open  
  **Evidence pointer:** Client questions (shared folder team and client folder).
  
- **Risk/blocker:** Ambiguity regarding dataset focus
  **Owner:** PA  
  **Mitigation:** Submit clarification questions to the client. 
  **Status:** Open  
  **Evidence pointer:** Client questions (shared folder team and client folder).
  
- **Risk/blocker:** Incomplete audit trail for week 1
  **Owner:** ZA  
  **Mitigation:** Assign clear ownership for uploads and ensure agreed deadlines are met.
  **Status:** Open  
  **Evidence pointer:** actionlog.csv

- **Dependency:** Client response to scope and clarification questions 
  **Due:** 2026-02-23  
  **Status:** Open

## 7. Reproducibility

The team discussed the need to establish a reproducible workflow and repository structure in line with the week 1 deliverable 4. These are
the required tasks:

- Creation of team-accessible repository.
- Agreement on folder structure and naming conventions.
- Assigning required data.
- Initial README scaffold outlining run instructions.
- Tracking system.

## 8. Next meeting

**Date/time:** 2026-02-22

**Location/Platform:** Teams 

**Provisional agenda:**

1. Confirming management plan completion
2. Finalise and submit questions for the client
3. Confirm completion of repository setup and supporting resources
